# Place

Spanish tropical island Gran Canaria is located in the Atlantic Ocean, between
Africa and The Carribean. The Canary islands belong to Spain, but have a wide
autonomy. A capital of the island is a small town called Las Palmas, but it
isn't the most popular tourist destination, as visitors usually prefer another
town - Maspalomas, located in the south of the island. But Maspalomas is the
most expensive place there for long term living, so I prefer staying in the
capital.

Las Palmas is famous for Las Canteras - a long waterfront and a beach. There
are lots of hotels and restaurants and it's always crowded with locals and
tourists.

There're also ports in the town, civilian and military. The military port has a
very long history. As the Canary Islands are the closest point to the western
hemisphere, they were used by Spanish sailors as a backup from the Columbus
age.

The military port is also famous for Francisco Franco, who headed it after the
conflict with the Spanish government. But the island was too boring for the
future caudillo, he revolted the local garrison and returned soon to the
Spanish mainland, as the national leader.

Nowadays, despite the tourism (which shrank a lot during the current pandemic),
the Canary Islands are poor. The Spanish government applied a special tax rate
for local companies (about 5%), it's the lowest income tax in Europe and the
islands are nice for doing business. But beware - the archipelago isn't a
member of European Customs Union, so any import and export operations with
the mainland require paying customs fees. 

# Event

Signal festival is one of the most popular events happened yearly in Europe.
Designers, engineers and artists use electronic projectors to paint with lights
impressive pictures on buildings. The show also includes a background music,
which makes it even more amazing.

The creators usually prefer working with antique buildings, as architecture
features allow them to make everything creative and interesting. The events are
always free for watchers and paid from city budgets.

This year, because of the pandemic, the performances were cancelled to avoid
crowding, however creators decided to make them by their owns and they did it
pretty nice. For example, in Prague, they turned the Petrin Tower into a giant
Tesla-coil, which was visible from almost any point of the city.
